In the last video we've successfully fixed the syntax
highlight issue after a page loaded. But then we
find another issue
the syntax highlight is not working
after I made change
or after I cancel editing.
After a couple of minutes searching I finally found
methods called highlight all and highlight all under.
So basically the content is loaded latter in this
case loaded asynchronously will not highlighted
so to fix this we can apply the syntax highlight to
all of our code in the page by re-scanning the
entire DOM by using this highlight all method. But
I think it will not make sense re-scanning the entire
DOM just to update a question or an answer.
So in this case I prefer to use highlight all other method.
This method allows us to re-scan
everything under a certain element.
For example we can highlight the code by scanning
everything under a div element with a class body
html.
I think this make much sense
instead of scanning entire DOM. So we'll
be using this highlight all under method
in this case. Now the next question is where we call this method.
Do you have any idea?
in my opinion the best way to call it is cancel or
restore from cache method because they will be
call when we hit the cancel button.
And another place is after updating which is in update method.
All right let's go back to our editor
here I'll need to run the web pack npm run watch.
Now let's open the question dot vue
okay
As I already mentioned that we will be making
use this highlight all under method.
This method receives at least an argument which is
the element where we will highlight our code. So here
the first thing that we need to do is to identify the element
right? Now you may be thinking to add id attribute
in here so that we can utilize the document get
element by id function.
You can do that but in vue js instead of id here
we can utilize vue js special attribute call ref.
This attribute is used to register a reference
to an element or a child component.
Now we can jump to our script
find the restore from cache and here we can get our
referenced element by saying this dot dollar refs
dot body html. And we can assign it into a variable
for now let's console log this element
switch back to our browser
reload a page
and open the browser console
here I have 404 error. I'll fix this shortly
for now let's hit the edit button
hit cancel button
here I get el undefined. Do we have any idea why we get this?
Well if you remember when editing the component
which shows the body html is completely removed.
that means no element with reference body html at the time
the component will be added to the page
as soon as we hit the cancel or save button.
That's why we'll find nothing and we'll get undefined in
the console. May be we need to keep the component
to stay in place.
So let's switch back over to our editor
then here let's find the v-if directive
and let's replace this with v-show. Remember that using
v-show will make the component to get rendered
and remain in the DOM.
It only toggle
display css property of the element.
Let's also find
v-else and replace this with v-show but this
element should be visible if not editing.
Also we need to make sure that this form
can only be accessed by authorized users.
Let's save and try one more time.
Reload the page
as you can see now we have
element appears here. So we can switch back
to our editor back to restore from cache
let's replace this console log with prism dot highlight all under el.
Also let's make sure this method will
be called if the element is not undefined.
Now in the top
we can import the prism js package.
All right let's save the change and let's give it another try
I'll edit the question
then I'll hit cancel button. OK
our code is still syntax highlighting
great. Now before I end this video
I want to fix this small issue here I have 4 0 4 error.
It seems that it failed to load the prism dot css
file. But the strange here the prism js theme
successfully applied.
So let me open the app blade php inside layouts directory
I'm sure there's no problem with css file
reference here I'll go to public css directory.
Sorry I made typo here I missed the s letter. It
should be prism js themes. So let me remove this
folder
then I'll go to webpack mix js
and here I'll change this to prism js themes.
Let's save and I need to restart the web pack.
Now the reason why the prism js themes successfully
applied although the file reference was wrong
is because I imported the css file here.
so actually I need to remove this line
I'll save the changes.
I'll switch back to my browser
and reload the page
okay here the syntax highlight is still
working and the 4 0 4 error is gone
Great. In the next video we're going to make another mixin
and put this code to it so that we can apply this
mechanism not only after updating or cancelling the
question but also in other components. Alright
let's commit our changes to our git repo.